---
layout:     post
title:      Thank you 2014
date:       2014-12-31 22:23:04
author:     Vishal Raveendranathan
summary:    
categories: blog
thumbnail:  heart
tags:
 - thank you
---

2014 was an eventful year with lot of excitements and fun. It is interesting to look back at a year and feel that it all happened yesterday! I know everyone will have that kind of a feeling. Could it be because our memory like to keep things on top of our stack memory which is linked to our emotions? These emotions play the role of forgetting the time and place in the present, which makes us feel that it all happened recently. Well, I do not want to get too psychic about it.

This year was the end of my undergraduate academic education. All of a sudden I felt even the four years of engineering has come to an end so quickly. Those fun moments with friends, crazy project works, seminars, IEEE activities, crazy wild trips, wow… there are a lot of things to pack up in just a year’s time. There was ups as well as down in this year. I would like to consider the downs in an optimistic way. That helps in understanding my mistakes and know it when I am about to repeat in the future. 2014 taught me a lot of things in life. It helped me realize how to be confident, face the hardships, not to lose faith in oneself, being bold and lot more…

I accomplished some great things this year as well. I achieved gold medal for my under graduation in Mechatronics Engineering and got selected in University of Leeds for my Masters in Mechatronics and Robotics. Things are falling in places as I wished to be. Now this makes me more responsible about things which are about to come in another beautiful year 2015.

Recently I have been reading some great works by Swami Vivekananda in which he mentioned on thing very strongly. It says as quoted “Work, work, work – I care for nothing else. Work, work, work, even unto death!” This is a powerful message to youth. I used to think when the Sundays or public holidays used to pop up in the calendar as soon as the New Year’s calendar arrives home. This would make me happy thinking that I would be free and I wouldn’t need to go to school and things like that. But now the days have changes so much and the transformation happened in me such that I do not understand what is the point of having a holiday/no holiday because it does not make a big difference as long as you do the work you love to do. I would like to thank everyone who have made 2014  a wonderful year for me.

> Enjoying every moment in life and living it for yourself makes you feel alive everyday – that is my message to conclude this year’s summary.

with a smile ☺

Vishal